welcome back to movion today i'm going
to explain the movie called the ritual
from 2017. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw
five friends and they were planning to
go on a trip they were sitting in a bar
all of them were discussing their
favorite places one of them was rob rob
told them that they should go to sweden
and hike there they could have so much
fun there but no one listened to him
they came out of the bar while
discussing with each other one of them
was luke he asked rob to go with him and
they will go to purchase wine when they
entered the store to buy wine they saw
that the owner of that store was lying
down on the corner and she was injured
suddenly two people came out from the
back and they came here to rob the store
and they were the ones who beat the [ __ ]
out of that owner luke hid behind the
shelf after seeing the robbers but they
took rob's phone and wallet
they asked rob to give them his wedding
ring but rob refused to give it to them
therefore the robber stabbed him with a
knife and he fell down on the floor
after that the robber again stabbed him
in the head and ran away from there as a
result robb died there in the next scene
we saw the scene of six months later
luke and his friends came to sweden for
hiking they came here because of robb's
memory because rob wanted to come here
for hiking but luke was the one who was
so sad about the death of rob because if
he warned him he could have saved rob
from those robbers
all of his friends tried to convince him
that it was not his fault but luke was
so upset about robb's death they put a
photo of rob on a rock in order to
recall the memories of rob
and they drank some wine in the name of
rob his name was robert paulson
after drinking wine they continued their
hike
dom slipped off and his ankle got
dislocated therefore they could not
continue their hike anymore
since dom was feeling so much pain hutch
tried to find the road with the help of
the map and he found a shortcut road
through the forest they decided to go
back through the forest the four of them
kept walking towards the forest and
after some time they found the dead body
of an animal and it was hanging from the
tree they also noticed that there were
some strange symbols on the trees which
means someone was in the forest except
for them
they kept walking forward and it got
dark at night they got hit by heavy rain
all of them got drenched by the rain
after walking for a while they found a
very small cabin they entered the cabin
without even thinking of anything since
it was raining so heavily after getting
inside the cabin luke heard the voice of
an animal he told everyone about it but
no one cared about him they found some
necklaces in that cabin the necklace had
the same symbols as the trees they also
found a wooden statue inside the cabin
but it didn't have any head and it was
tied
it was looking so creepy all of them got
so scared after seeing this but they had
no other options as well and that's why
they decided to sleep in that cabin
after they fell asleep there was still
heavy rain and lightning but suddenly a
flash of lightning got frozen and luke
woke up from this he discovered himself
in the same store where rob had died six
months ago and this time also he saw
that rob died in front of his eyes
but then suddenly luke woke up and we
realized that it was just a nightmare
for him but we also saw that luke was
actually outside the cabin and he had
four holes in his chest and he was
bleeding a lot luke ran to the cabin and
saw that his friends were also acting
strangely he saw that hutch peed in his
pants because he was so scared dom was
shouting the name of his wife gail in
his sleep he went to see his third
friend named phil but he was naked in
worshiping that statue luke got so
scared after seeing them and woke them
up after waking up they immediately went
outside that cabin
none of them were talking to anyone
their road was in the southwest but dom
didn't agree with them and he went
through the other road and that's why
the others also joined him after walking
for a while they realized that they were
lost in the forest luke climbed up a
tree to find the road but then he
noticed that there was a tree in the
distance and it had hands like humans
luke got down from the tree and told his
friends about it but no one took it
seriously to prove him luke showed them
the four holes in his chest but dom said
that maybe luke was sleepwalking at
night and got hit by a tree
and that's why he got those scars on his
chest dom was behaving so strangely he
argued with luke and blamed luke for
taking them to this forest
luke got angry at him and punched him in
the face after walking for a while they
found something on the ground
when they pulled it out they saw that it
was a tent they found a wallet inside
that tent
inside that wallet they found a photo
and a credit card we realized that it
was a family tent and the expiry date of
that credit card was 1984.
this means this family came to this
forest in 1984 and they died there that
night they set their tent in the forest
and fell asleep
and this time also luke had those
nightmares
suddenly luke woke up and he heard
someone scream luke came out of his tent
but he couldn't see the tent of hutch
and hutch himself was not there
phil told them that a giant creature had
taken him away with his tent but then
they heard the scream of hutch from a
distance
the three of them went to look for hutch
and they got lost in the forest
and suddenly they saw that hutch's dead
body was hanging from the tree just like
that animal
and hutch was dead they got so scared
after seeing his dead body and they
started to believe everything that luke
told them that someone else is in this
forest except for them
they pulled down hutch from that tree
and buried his body properly
after that they went towards the south
with the help of their compass
and we saw that an unknown strange
creature was following them
they were near their destination but
unfortunately it got dark again
at night a strange creature took away
phil with it and the other two friends
were running here and there meanwhile
luke got hit by a tree and fainted luke
had that nightmare once again
but he gathered a bit of spirit and
started to run with dom
and then they found the dead body of
phil and it was hanging from the tree
just like hutch
they were so scared after seeing his
dead body and kept running away
while running they again went to that
cabin
they entered the cabin and saw that a
woman was worshiping a strange statue
but then a guy came from behind and made
them unconscious
when they woke up they discovered
themselves tied in a room luke looked
through the hole on the wall and saw
that some people were making a cross
with wood
then three people came inside through
the door the old woman came to luke and
saw the scars on his chest
and she showed him her scars and they
were the same they checked dom's body
for the scars but he had no scar in his
body that's why they took dom outside
and beat him very badly after beating
him for a while they put him inside the
room once again
luke asked dom what actually these
people were doing
dom told him that maybe they're about to
sacrifice me
he said this because he saw this in his
nightmare and he also saw his wife gal
in that nightmare dom told him that they
want to sacrifice me to a creature after
some time they came to the room and took
dom outside with them and then they tied
him to that cross
this means dom's nightmare was about to
become true when they were about to
sacrifice dom we saw that there were so
many dead bodies hanging from the trees
they said some magical words in the
swedish language and the daylight turned
to night
after that dom saw his wife gal in the
forest and she was coming towards him
we saw that it was just dom's
hallucination
actually it was not his wife gail it was
the creepy creature the creature took
him and hanged his body on a tree as a
result dom died there on the other hand
luke broke his own fingers to free
himself
but suddenly a lady entered the room and
told luke that we have sacrificed dom
for the forest god
you have that scar on your chest
and that's why you have become one of
the community from now on you will have
to stay with us
she also told him that this creature has
been living in this forest for so long
he is the god of this forest
this creature is the unwanted son of the
god of mischief loki
no one ever says his real name since
everyone is so scared of him and the
community has been worshiping this
creature for so long
this creature hunts the traveler of the
forest and he adds one person amongst
them to his community
whoever asks him about their wishes he
fulfills all their wishes
and he can also make them immortal which
means the people of this community stay
alive for hundreds of years
in exchange they sacrifice humans to
that creature
after hearing this luke asked the lady
why did the forest god choose him
she told him that you have so much pain
in your heart compared to your friends
and the forest god chooses the one who
has a big heart
after choosing someone the forest god
gives them a scar
and that person needs to complete the
ritual and bow before the forest god
if that person refuses to be part of the
forest god's community then he will kill
him like the rest and hang him on a tree
after hearing all of this luke still
didn't lose hope
after the lady went outside he prepared
to run away from there
when luke went outside he saw that all
the people were worshiping that creature
when luke went to another room he found
so many dead bodies in that room but
actually the dead bodies were alive
which means it's true that by worshiping
this creature people become immortal
after living for so long the humans also
turn into that creature they cannot live
or die properly
luke lit these bodies on fire and they
were screaming so loudly because their
senses were still inside their bodies
luke was about to run away through the
back door but that old lady stood in
front of his way but luke pushed her
away and ran away from there luke also
found a gun in that room and he shot a
man with it who was trying to stop him
we saw that the creature had taken out
the eyes of that lady who had told so
many things about this community the
creature went after luke to kill him
luke fired at him with the gun but the
bullets had no effect on his body
while running from the creature luke saw
those visions once again and that's why
he was not able to run anymore
the creature got him and pulled him up
with his hand
luke looked down and the creature
screamed like a horse and he proved his
dominance by putting his feet on luke's
head
but luke saw an axe near his hand
he picked up the axe and hit the head of
that creature with the axe
and he began to run away from there luke
was able to come out of the forest while
running and the creature was still after
him but then we found out that the
creature cannot come out of the forest
the creature started to roar at luke and
luke also roared towards him
and we realized that luke had got rid of
his fear for that creature and he had
also gotten rid of the guilt from his
heart
after walking for a while luke saw a car
which means he was close to the city to
watch more explanations of these kinds
of movies click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know
how you feel about today's video in the
comments down below and at last i will
say stay safe stay well
thanks